Hanchuan
Our wedding just ended
It is none of your business where you are going.
Hanchuan
Today is your wedding night with one of them
I have no feelings for him
Just a business marriage
Don't work and rest when you get home
How can you talk like that, Mom?
Han Chuan must be busy
Just let him go.
Xu Zhiye, you are like this
Dying to marry a man who doesn't love you
What are you trying to do?
To become his wife
It's my lifelong wish.
Last Wish
Hello Dr. Xu
I insist that you have been diagnosed with amnesia
Without hospitalization, it will only get worse
Forgetting people and things is nothing
But aren't you afraid to die?
I don't want to be hospitalized for a while
Who are you talking to?
Hankawa, you are back.
Today is grandpa's birthday
In the evening, you will come to the ancestral house to sell with me
OK, I see.
What did Han Chuan tell me just now?
Why didn't Xu Zhiyi go to the ancestral house?
What are you going to do at the ancestral house?
One night birthday
You don't show up with me on such an important occasion
To embarrass me on purpose